hello here I have finally come
shipment from nintendo world
delivery is not free now
wonderful box well, excuse me
of course and but I'm probably from the blood
precisely the autopsy they will do on
the camera since from that side there is everything and
my phone number and full address so i
I guess I'll open it later
I'll get it and show you what's there
so how about looks
open the box and match your array
what is it really thought never happen
I have not seen this anywhere in stores
World nintendo thank you so much in
I was rescued just so much
a bag with such bubbles is big
air brand i have this package for so long
waited here she is his mother for the legend of zelda
ocarina of time go to she's mine
zelda for children over 12 years old
so nice to hold it in your hands
sealed nintendo then plenochka new
phrase or how nice to hold in
hands
but it is all just steel from everyone there
auctions flea markets already collect this
finally tired of the new ocarina of time
Who is this, if he does not know this reprint
games with nintendo 64
Now I will show you so I have poison too
There is certainly a case how not to buy it
but it's been a long time since I have been two
we then have a game like this
locked ace up to the knees of time it
the original for not that on 4 fell this version
game I completely passed specifically to
this cartridge is just my then not yet
had it on emulator and 2008 to her
passed completely in Russian
fan translation
canceled toy just simple
great no words just other
no
describe you now and you will show
then which way is best to open
even let's get out of here
Wanted to boxing ocarina of time for 3ds
but it will turn out and 74 at the same time I did not show
whether dostovalova
Here such here in general became something
yes ocarina of time
this is the original, who knows if someone else may not
knows pressed in russia about nintendo who
He knows what this toy is that it is necessary to come on I
I will not stop the manual yes
There are all sorts of papers, too, this is all with us
I have been with me for quite a while for two years
show the original but this Misha
print out the new task of this whole
ocarina of time bin as i'm glad let's
already so then we are analyzing a stop and
how else can you open it
pick up that will probably not difficult
even the blade is not necessary like this
all remove the reacted film
I'll smell now
so here it is printed now everything is already
not new degree mari guys how i found
I have ordered not in any store
Well, they brought dns here
sell game for nintendo 3ds
but this one I could not find anywhere else in
selling
thank you nintendo world so we smell it
new zelda
finally open the move for the nintendo club
they cartridge itself well, of course here we have
the game is in English unfortunately but
how not cool damn now do screw
On such with while we have large not
translates while only sea
here is a tuple for those who do not know how
it looks now i have mine
favorite edge of the detergent and reprint
nice let's fix
so it seems that I do not focus
until slam I even know when into it
I have half the sand to play
passed but we know it all
standard hinat which goes there you
Here's the code there must also probably
because all the stars are still there
such a thing in Russian by the way
the manual is also nice on the one hand
how does it seem unusual to you
there everything is still in Russian
I want to count sail
damn, I'm glad guys will need more
in the world of nintendo perhaps order
really never give up on it
just add up for now and one more thing is clear
Looks like yes, not even a crap well
passed us by waste paper help on
what is in view is red tdsk but it is over
new here's how it was at that time I
advertising all sorts of games went to the sea ​​and
mario kart 7 what we still have star fox
64 3d here is the hall itself
very plant knee in the mysteries among
tetris you will present pokemons super
street fighter 4 etc.
dead or alive natural baby effect
I downloaded with it something we have to store anything
so on fighting here is trash mascara so
Now it seems like the last piece of paper
boots I am happy and ocarina of time myself
hall took something ocarina of time but
sealed damn I do not know I can not just
convey my feelings okay in general this
was zelda
it was a site with unpacking the game now
we activate this code but later I
I do not have time to save up for game on watch
Of course a story here guys guy
how nice european from 12 years old
but I repeat once again and those who think that
times not 18 means for children
it is from 12 years old that is can play like
for the light not only later if in the game
no blood right now about anything or talk
just fixated on the snow and there children
games 2 try a child to give this game
let the other try to spend most their
heads came up with there, too, sometimes such
puzzles have this time that you can
because it's not cruelty here
what kind of foul language
but the game I would not say that really so straight
baby here we also think very well
in general, thank you all for watching so far